---
title: Test Post
subtitle: Just checking some stuff out for now...
published: true
datePublished: 1614803042000
author: 
tags:
  - test posting
authorPhoto: 
bannerPhoto:
thumbnailPhoto: 
canonicalUrl: https://jamescalingo.com/blog/childhood-canceled
---

Hi!

If you're wondering whatever happened to this blog, guess what?

I am too!

I COULD get into some of why this dried up in the past few months, but I won't. Instead, I wanted to actually touch on something I saw recently. Let me start with a little background:

Like most American children (at least those born before the dawn of Apple), I read a lot of books by one Theodor Seuss Geisel, though you may know him better as Dr. Seuss. One of my earliest memories is of a VHS tape (IYKYK) based one of his books called "Mr. Brown Can MOO! Can You?", and I had a giant Cat in the Hat plush complete with a miniature version of the book he comes from.

March 2, for those who don't know, is "Dr. Seuss Day" - commemorating him and his life's work (on his birthday). I'm not sure if people still care about that, but growing up in Massachusetts, it was kind of a big deal (after all, he IS from the state).

In second grade, I had a classmate who was hearing impared and used this special speaker to hear what the teacher was saying. On Dr. Seuss day, after lunch/recess, we came back to our classroom to find that our teacher was missing, but the speaker was in the middle of the room, and we were all asked to sit around it as the "ghost of Dr. Seuss" read from one of his books.

I don't know about my classmates, but being the wise@$$ that I am, I knew it wasn't actually the ghost of Dr. Seuss - and it was confirmed when our teacher walks back into the room with the book that we just heard in her hand. She also pulled a similar stunt the year after, though it was much less elegant...*

What does this have to do with anything? Well...

Yesterday, the company in charge of publishing his work announced they were discontinuing the release of some of his books for being...products of their time (i.e. before people were more racially sensitive).

There's been quite a bit of controversy around this (mainly the idea that it taints Dr. Seuss' reputation which I don't completely agree with), and I was going to share my opinion on this - mainly that like I said earlier, the books are a product of a time before society was senstiive to racist caricatures, but with modern society identifying this as a major issue, this may be the right thing to do.

Truth be told, there are a lot of areas where bad old ideas need to be corrected. Case in point: cigarette smoking.

However, I am in the tech field, and this idea of "old ideas" reminded me of something I saw recently:

In an email, someone described the horror story of a developer who was forced to take a lower job since she had stayed at her old job for too long. While she had risen to the top of her old company, they didn't adapt to changing technologies, so when the company folded and the developer found herself job searching, her lack of knowledge of modern tech ended up hurting her.

Finding the "new ideas" in this field isn't easy, but it is very necessary. Being adaptable is a key skill in life, and without it, it's very easy to get stuck in the past while things go by you.

Dr. Seuss' publisher, acknowledging that promoting a 1950s view on race relations to young children was probably not a good idea, made the changes necessary to avoid getting stuck in the past.

Of course, how many kids actually read Dr. Seuss books nowadays is a whole other issue entirely...

*If you're wondering how I had the same teacher two years straight, my second grade class LOVED our teacher SO MUCH that we all stayed together for third grade - and then she moved to Pittsburgh (IIRC) after that year ended...